I can throw on my pc game breaks so as
you can see triple monitors for gaining
on the pc i have a logitech g9 game has
the precision grip on sidewinder x6
keyboard lights up here is my king pc i
build the pc myself and i used a storm
scout case i have cold cathode lives
inside lights up can't fade so well
during the day on the camera you can see
there's a hell of a lot wires coming out
and they're my 360 is hooked up to the
middle monitor got the halo 3 ODST
console skin on it i have a logitech the
z3 z4 speaker system on my pc
i also have a 5.1 speaker setup phillips
around the walls there for with my xbox
and can be used on the pc as well and
yeah well here's my monitors you can see
i'm running messenger on the left
corners usually I use different tasks on
the middle monitor and then I use the
internet Mozilla Firefox and right yeah
i'm running windows seven I have the
small task bars also it's them to the
big ones so you can see that I'm not
laughing there now I have the bigger
ones so windows seven room and that's
pretty much it thanks for watching